Our family Ah Xun saved Dashuai's daughter
Of course the commander can't do it
Why didn't Hyun-in-law say it earlier?
You saved the handsome daughter
You've got a great future.
I will marry my daughter to you
Don't be so comforting
uncle
But you want me to 200,000 betrothal gift, I can't afford it
What uncle and what bride price?
I'll charge you 1,000 yuan
No, no.
From now on, you are my own son
I'll sign the marriage contract now
Brother Xun, don't be angry if your father agrees.
That's great.
Then it's settled.
OK
Yinuo Qianjin
Uncle, you shouldn't regret it, right?
What is your name uncle
Ask Dad to do the wedding in two days
Yan'er, um, you will stay at the Song family tonight
Dad, this is too urgent
What's the hurry? That's it.
Mr. Song, can we go now?
Dashuai is waiting for you
Are you afraid of leaking and stealing?
After you were injured, you never dared to touch a corpse again
If you can't solve the case
What should I do if the handsome gets drunk?
Sister-in-law don't worry
I'm not what I used to be
Trust me.
I'm glad to see you cheering up sister-in-law
But if you have three long and two short
What should I do?
How can I explain to your dead brother?
That's why I'm going.
Because of this case
It is very likely that it has something to do with the death of the eldest brother